So let's work on the navigation
and for now let's simply add links to all important views.
So we got our /shop route so to the starting page, I also want to have a products link going to
let's say /products and this is a route which doesn't exist yet which we'll have to add.
I want to set the active css class there if the path is /products and in our controller where
we render this view, we of course have to make sure that we then provide this path property with the
right value.
Now this is one additional link, the product detail is something we don't need to add here because
we'll go there by clicking on a product, not from the main navigation.
The cart is something I want to have here though
so I'll add another item here in the navigation, my cart which should be reachable by going to /cart
and of course the path I check here
that also is /cart
but don't forget this path here doesn't have to match this path here but it's simply easier to remember
if we keep that close together.
Now for the admin area, I want to have that add product link still,
I don't need an edit product link because that should be triggered by clicking on a product in the
admin products list but obviously I need a link for that then,
so besides add product, I want to have an admin products link here which simply goes to admin products and
loads a list of all the products for the administrator with administrative options and therefore here
the path is also admin products. So this is looking good
and if we now reload this, we see a bunch of new items in our main navigation. Now in mobile view, this gets
well a bit cut off, for now I will leave this and add it in-between sections and then also append
the code of course to make this responsive,
let's not focus on the css now though, let's focus on our node logic.
So we got all these items added
and of course cart and so on, these routes all don't work because we haven't registered these routes.
Now this is a great practice for you,
we got the links here so you know which parts I want to use,
you can now go ahead and add these routes, add fitting controller functions or even new controllers
if you want and make sure you render the appropriate views. And if you're really feeling fancy, you can
even go into these views and render the navigation as well as some dummy content there.
This is all stuff we did thus far,
we'll do it together in the next lecture but definitely feel free to try this on your own first.